George Brown College, is located in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada. 
Established in 1967, it offers over 200 programs across various fields, including arts, business, health sciences, and hospitality. 
George Brown College is known to emphasize hands-on learning, which helps the students develop practical skills through internships and co-op placements.
This approach makes it easier to for students to find jobs after having graduated. Moreover, they have flexible courses to suit all needs, part-time, full-time, online, or in-person.
The college promotes a supportive environment where professors are dedicated to helping their students succeed. The college also emphasizes its students’ overall well being providing them with resources for academic support, mental health as well as career guidelines.
George Brown College has three main campuses:
1- St. James Campus
2- Waterfront Campus
3- Casa Loma Campus
The campus of the College is a part of the learning course in the student's life. It helps students come out of their shells and convert their weaknesses into their strength. Campus Life is a positive place where students can go to have fun with friends, talk about relevant issues and be heard without judgment. It’s a place where students are challenged to make good decisions and lead in positive ways in their school.

Students loves George Brown College:
        
    Develop a responsiveness to the dynamic processes of learning.
    Develop resourcefulness, adaptability and creativity in learning.
    Acquire the basic knowledge and skills needed to comprehend and express new ideas.
    Develop physical fitness and good health.
    Develop respect for the environment and commitment to the wise use of resources.
    Acquire skills and attributes that will lead to satisfaction and productivity in the world of work.
    Acquire skills that contribute to self-reliance in solving practical problems in everyday life.
    Develop a sense of personal responsibility in society at the local, national, and international levels.
